Can you help me prepare for my interview? Let me provide you my resume. When they ask about me, my reruiter said to keep it to 2 minutes. Here's everything that might be relevant. The position is for "Product Consulting" working for a "Product Manager" which I believe is part of the Agile structure. They have their own SOP system called "Value Leadership" or something. I want to emphasize I have similar experience with systems like TPS, TWI, LEAN, Lean Startup, Agile, and ITIL which as far as I know are all LEAN-derived. About Me: I went to the military straight out of high school and 17 and was in the delayed entry program for 1 year while I was 17. I turned 18 right before going to bootcamp 7/11/2005. I was in Camp Lejeune, NC in 1st battalion 8th marines. I was an administrative clerk in the marines and was in charge of keeping personnel counts based on location and movements. While in garrison, training, and deployed accuracy was important. I kept many data features on each marine in a database managed by me which I sourced from USMC MCTIFS and 3270 and verified with each company clerk within the company. Their databases often had errors and werent clean datasets which I always updated for them with my automated scripts. It also involved verifying with a company 1st sergeant which was the most senior enlisted marine in each company that was in charge of many things one being clerical dutyies which were offloaded to the company headquarters. I deployed twice once to Iraq and once on a navy ship which had us land on kuwait, djibouti, beirut, and jordan for training and missions. Alot of responsibility was put on me by our battalion headquarters squad/"shop" senior enlisted staff nco Staff Seargeant and  our officer in charge the S1 battalion office Adjuctant and I was able to deliver. The Marines are very adamant about personnel count accountability. We must always know each marine's exact location. There was national stories about marines getting forgotten in training in the desert and dying. After the military I wanted to go to school for computer science. In 2009 I was working in retail and it interfered with school so I wasn't able to continue school so I stopped and started working full time at various jobs like T-Mobile call center, walmart, and pizza hut which led me to find Best Buy in 2012 and have been working with them since, I had a short stint in Michigan from 2018 to 2021, for four years i worked in the automotive manufacturing industry industry final assembly for rear view mirrors. I moved up within the company, but covid slowed down work and I relocated back to Texas.  Within the year I had discovered VETTEC and started Codeup San Antonio Data Science. I then worked for a short time to earn money at Vutex San Antonio. I then started ACI Learning San Antonio for Computer User Support Specialist. I got bit by the learning bug in Michigan and have been striving for "continous improvement" (LEAN pun) ever since. I don't plan on stopping and want to get to Data Engineer and Machine Learning by going back to college. Codeup had issues with meeting their promises and responsibilities for student job placement. So i plan to make it happen for myself. I believe there is a track within my skills that I can follow. IT, IT Cloud, DevOps, Data Engineer, Degree AI Engineering, Machine Learning Engineer. 
